Add snap election section (#92)
maplibre/maplibre: CHARTER.md

### Replacement of Governing Board Members
In the event of a Governing Board member resigning from the Board during a term, the nominees from the last election with the largest number of votes shall be contacted with a proposal to serve in the Government Board until the next election is called.

### Snap Election

A snap election of the Governing Board, i.e. an election which takes place earlier than the usual one year period, can be called if 50 percent of Voting Members who participated in the last election sign a no-confidence motion.

> If a no-confidence motion passes, the current Governing Board shall not take any major decisions until the election. Within two weeks, people can register themselves for the election with a self-nomination. Two weeks after the self-nomination deadline, the snap election shall take place, i.e. four weeks after a no-confidence motion passes.

Author: ```suggestion
If a no-confidence motion passes, the current Governing Board shall not take any major decisions until the election. In that time the Governing Board shall:

* not authorize new expenditures,
* not make any changes to personnel.

Within two weeks, people can register themselves for the election with a self-nomination. Two weeks after the self-nomination deadline, the snap election shall take place, i.e. four weeks after a no-confidence motion passes.
```

### Replacement of Governing Board Members
In the event of a Governing Board member resigning from the Board during a term, the nominees from the last election with the largest number of votes shall be contacted with a proposal to serve in the Government Board until the next election is called.

### Snap Election

A snap election of the Governing Board, i.e. an election which takes place earlier than the usual one year period, can be called if 50 percent of Voting Members who participated in the last election sign a no-confidence motion.

> If a no-confidence motion passes, the current Governing Board shall not take any major decisions until the election. In that time the Governing Board shall:

Reviewer: Is there a definition for "major decisions"?
Otherwise this looks good, thanks!

> If a no-confidence motion passes, the current Governing Board shall not take any major decisions until the election. In that time the Governing Board shall:

Author: ```suggestion
If a no-confidence motion passes, the current Governing Board shall until the next election not take any major decision, such as but not limited to:
```

> * not authorize new expenditures,
> * not make any changes to personnel.

Author: ```suggestion
* authorize new expenditures,
* make any changes to personnel.
```
